433 Feeds: PrivateChannels and returning channels from intents (#508)
finos/FDC3: docs/api/ref/Metadata.md

## `DisplayMetadata`

```ts
interface DisplayMetadata {
  /**
   * A user-readable name for this channel, e.g: `"Red"`
   */
  readonly name?: string;
  /**

>    * The color that should be associated within this channel when displaying this channel in a UI, e.g: `0xFF0000`.

Author: ```suggestion
   * The color that should be associated within this channel when displaying this channel in a UI, e.g: `#FF0000`. May be any color value supported by CSS, e.g. name, hex, rgba, etc..
```

   */

>   readonly color?: string;

Author: Updated to link to color types supported by CSS (as I'm pretty sure that was the original intention - despite the fact that the old example I copied from elsewhere incorrectly specified a Hex value...)

  //some time later
  await agent.raiseIntent("UpdateOrder", context, resolution.source);
}
catch (err) { ... }                                    
                                               
//resolve a "Client-Service" type intent with a data or channel response
let resolution = await agent.raiseIntent("intentName", context);
try {
	  const result = await resolution.getResult();
    if (result && result.broadcast) { //detect whether the result is Context or a Channel
        console.log(`${resolution.source} returned a channel with id ${result.id}`);

>     } else if (){

Author: ```suggestion
    } else if (result){
```
fixed
